[Music]
[Applause]
ah
[Music]
is the reason is the same branch event ours
feature look at a guerrilla
far from saying
[Music]
comes
maybe so
[Music]
[Applause]
live on channel 13
it involved my future three
minutes Saturday the international giant
comes from an hour it 3
[Music]
the idea 19 that was going to have Libyan campaign
who already sent him needles and street
instant the first and only one to respond
as if all this was just
She told me that she ran to the bathroom.
in surgery of the week to think good
old welcome to lucas university
catholic tinga and television
the anonymous laboratory with 50 years of
life for there life ' present in a tone
jones
[Music]
halfway between loupe said
mendonça
halfway between money and today
as a public intern to step up
accustomed to weir
argentinian mountain range
called so by a point of formation
Natural
was beautiful at the crossings through
to be born physical or dozens of
CSN manages the people in the way she
fulfill winning the Aconcagua and time
when some mountain victim did well
to break if you get a christ
lonely
and dreams come from the hot springs
attracts sophisticated tourism and
elegant and that splendor smiled
the amary tastes of a ghost
blessed because the prints are not
need to go through because that's how it
written by the history of point de
to enlist
[Music]
the primitive formula and combated the
biologists